doc: update error-compare and define unwrapped-error (#162)
Antonboom/testifylint: CONTRIBUTING.md

### error-compare

```go
❌   assert.Contains(t, err.Error(), "not found")
     assert.Equal(t, err.Error(), "user not found")
     assert.Equal(t, err, errSentinel) // Through `reflect.DeepEqual` causes error strings to be compared.
     assert.NotEqual(t, err, errSentinel)
     // etc.

✅   assert.ErrorContains(t, err, "not found")

>      assert.EqualError(t, err, "user not found")

Reviewer: I'm a bit afraid this one is valid

Reviewer: My point is that ErrorEqual should be part of the sane checker than ErrorContains.

It should be discouraged

Reviewer: Maybe, let's wait for Anton's feedback

Reviewer: @Antonboom maybe you missed this old thread 

https://github.com/Antonboom/testifylint/pull/162/commits/4cb531e2e45e911b6ea77f3616b8c0e41dda42dd#r1661489366

You said ErrorContains is an antipattern, what is your point of view about ErrorEqual ?

     assert.ErrorIs(t, err, ErrUserNotFound)
     assert.NotErrorIs(t, err, errSentinel)
```

**Autofix**: true. <br>
**Enabled by default**: true. <br>

> **Reason**: The `Error()` method on the `error` interface exists for humans, not code. <br>

Reviewer: Using testify methods are error prone as they avoid nil pointer exception.

**Related issues**: [#47](https://github.com/Antonboom/testifylint/issues/47)

---

### error-contains

```go
❌   assert.ErrorContains(t, err, "not found")

✅   assert.ErrorIs(t, err, ErrUserNotFound)
     assert.ErrorAs(t, err, &target)
```

**Autofix**: false. <br>
**Enabled by default**: true. <br>

> **Reason**: The `assert.ErrorContains()` is an anti-pattern. The test needs to be adapted to use `assert.ErrorIs()` or `assert.ErrorAs()` methods. <br>

Reviewer: I still disagree it's a bad pattern when used to check for example a value is provided to sprintf, like 

```go
fmt.Errorf("%w: %d", ErrUnexpectedStatusCode, res.Status)
```

+  

```go
assert.ErrorIs(t, err, ErrUnexpectedStatusCode)
assert.ErrorContains(t, err, "404")
```

But I know most people are simply not using the right way.

```suggestion
**Reason**: The `assert.ErrorContains()` is commonly used as an anti-pattern. The code and tests often needs to be adapted to be able to use `assert.ErrorIs()` or `assert.ErrorAs()` methods. <br>
```
